hey guys welcome to my channel I am
sitting in my first American car today
and guess what this is a police
interceptor thank you lost your mind
this is gonna sound like an optical it's
on a player might not be drawn like a
pink
[Music]
nah like so when we first came to the
safe we had like five thousand dollars
and we needed to afford first months of
rent before we received the investment
from the fund and Wilson needed to buy a
car and we were researching Craigslist
and was thinking which car should we get
and the budget was $2,500
and we're looking looking looking and
then we found out that you can actually
buy a retired police car and this is a
real police car like two years ago they
would have had the funds here on like a
cage whatever and the back seats were
plastic and they would have criminals in
the back and also here here you had like
police lights and the car is fully
functional it is 2008 year produce yeah
it looks a little like worn but
everything works perfectly so air
conditioning work windows should work
come on
this window is working definitely this
window is maybe it's not oh my gosh is
broken
okay let's try again like giving ad for
this car and I thought we actually sold
it so we drove it for a year for half a
year and then I sold it to a guy who's
now doing Stanford MBA and I'm trying to
figure out whether it's working
that might be a problem okay we'll
figure it out later
I'll ask him but now we're going to go
for a ride I'm talking about how legal
it is to drive such a car
so actually we read a lot about driving
your attack police car in California and
we haven't found any laws that would say
that you cannot drive a retired police
car as as long as you don't have the
Sirians above you and if you don't use
the light and I have a friend who also
has the same card he's using it all the
time but it's actually all black when we
drove this car it had white doors and
people would actually mistake us for her
police car they would slow down and it
would give way so sometimes the AI
thought people thought we were real
policemen but we went on and we will
never like trying to like play policemen
and we just wanted the cheapest car
there in the market and the value of the
money is incredible and now let me show
you the car from the outside I'll just
switch off the air-conditioning yes this
comes from this used to be our sticker
linguae trip
so my sticker stickers we put it during
demo day with what is in front of the
computer history museum in love use and
stickers on so that investors would know
about linguae trip beforehand
[Music]
when I was driving it ahead a small
accident well I think it was also this
thing the name part if you know please
write it in the comments another word I
should learn English but yet damaged a
little but the rest was great so yeah if
you have an accident
this is a very good car again biggest
police using is to change people he was
one of my favorite cars I've ever had
really liked used to be look at the keys
this is so old-fashioned
and this rad thing actually comes from
the auction so the way it works is that
people buy this guy's from the auction
when police are actually selling them to
public and then you have to remove all
of the police stuff so we actually
bought it from a guy who got it from the
auction so there was this guy who took
away the the cage and the plastic seats
in the back and he made it legal to
drive now I am actually going to drive
the car so um the problem with this car
um
while there is no actual problem I don't
know why the wheel is like a little
shaky you see right I'm just driving you
see that I'm just driving straight ahead
but the wheel is like trembling a little
I don't know what's that but my friend
from Stanford says it's perfect so I
will believe him because this will
trembling doesn't really matter for me
right now the wheel is a little too hard
because it's actually a little broken
but
I mean I used to drive it this way for
three months in San Francisco and I was
able to fly it was a little stressful
but you know driving the car is actually
physical experience because we feel so
safe like literally because it's so big
and it's driving so easily it's going so
easily
you actually feel really really safe in
it and also you know like because it's
just two thousand five two thousand
dollars if anything breaks that it will
be really cheap to repair or just
replace the car the only problem is I
think I just broke the window and I
really hope it's fixable because
otherwise I don't know what you do ah
oh I think it's dimacali just so female
of course the owner of the car right now
just called and he said they just need
to press the button firmer so that the
context time each other
yep but what do you want the $2,500
right it's not like you're driving a
Bentley right you need a special skill
to operate it like I don't have the
skill okay I'm going to park drop me off
at Trader Joe's I'm going to do some
grocery shopping and I feel like I'm
falling hill so
violet of lemon and ginger and then go
home and another funny thing about this
car is that you cannot you cannot open
the doors from the inside if you're
sitting in the back because if you're a
criminal you're not supposed to open up
so I had to actually open my window and
open the door from the outside which is
so funny I like to see people's
reactions because home Police
Interceptor and Imam is the driver says
there's so many people to approach them
and to take pictures of the car which is
pretty fun let me know that what you
think about this video let me know if
you would buy this car and I hope to
tame the next video by
[Music]
you